new magento two documentation (#1428)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/magento-two/notifications-configuration.en.md

# Payment notifications configuration

To configure the order status for payment notifications, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the menu Stores > Configuration > Sales > Payment Methods.

> 2. To configure the payment statuses, access the ** Mercado Pago - Global Configuration ** option and navigate to the "Order Status Options" option.

Author: ```suggestion
2. To configure the status of the payments, access the ** Mercado Pago - Global Configuration ** option and navigate to the "Order Status Options" option.
```

For each payment status, you can select an order status. Then, when your store receives a payment notification, the module will automatically update the order with the configured status.

> 3. To save the settings, click the ** Save Config ** button.

Author: ```suggestion
3. To save the settings, click the **Save Config** button.
```
